📝 update CI schedule (#20)
upptime/upptime.js.org: docs/configuration.md

### CI schedule

> You can customize the schedule when Uptime workflows run by adding the `workflowSchedule` key in your configuration file. The syntax followed is that of `cron`. Click [here](https://www.freeformatter.com/cron-expression-generator-quartz.html) for more information on `cron`. The default values are like so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can customize the schedule when Uptime workflows run by adding the `workflowSchedule` key in your configuration file. The syntax followed is that of [`cron`](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cron). The default values are like so:
```
